Then I'll show you what I can do
Three minutes to make the two experts disappear from the building
Start again
I'm talking about bringing the connoisseurs back to the four families again
Not make them disappear
They're gone now anyway.
No one knows where they are going
Whatever you say.
Don't be ignorant
if it's ok
Mr. Xue Zhilong can make the entire fruit table disappear
It's just a matter of talking
Then I can also say
Let Xue Zhilong disappear from the building now
This Lin Mengdi really doesn't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
The facts in front of you have not been admitted
The day he cried
I advise you to get the expert back as soon as possible
Tonight's awards ceremony is my coronation
Xinglei is now a hot entertainment empire
The man in charge of Tiansheng Entertainment
I must be in his presence
Take back my honor
Speaking of tonight's awards ceremony
You didn't mean me
If it's the one above
I will present the Golden Dragon Award to a pig
OK, promise.
If you are really capable
Transferring the Best Actress to a Pig
Then I'll ride around the field on a pig
But if you just talk big
I'll strip you naked
Let you be tied to the sow
Live from the Guangzhou Central Building
Let everyone see your face